[Silence.]
Is this your...Thomas?
She cried.
She is the most wonderful brown.
When you could have had the...that ever the sun had shone on.
Throw none of your slurs...cried.
Throw none of your slurs at me.
For I love the tip of your finger more than the brown girl's whole body.
Than the brown girl's whole body.
The brown girl had a little penknife with blade both keen and sharp.
And between the short ribs and the long, she pierced Fair Ellender's heart.
She pierced Fair Ellender's heart.
Oh...
Oh, what is the matter, fair Ellen, he cried.
What makes you look so pale?
You used to have as rosy cheeks as anyone in our dale, as anyone in our dale.
Oh, are you blind, Lord Thomas, she cried.
You cannot see that I can feel my own heart's blood come trickling to my knees, come trickling to my knees?
He took the brown girl by the hand, he led her down the hall, and with his sword cut off her head and kicked it against the wall, and kicked it against the wall.
He pointed the handle to the sun, the blade unto his breast,
Saying, here's the death of two fond lovers.
God, send our souls to rest.
Go dig my graveney tree.
Go dig it both wide and deep.
And place Fair Ellender in my arms and the brown girl at my feet.
And the brown girl at my feet.